README.md, before:

# Copyright
Copyright(c) Guangdong vivo software technology CO.,LTD. Unpublished

Guangdong vivo software technology CO.,LTD.Proprietary & Confidential

This source code and the algorithms implemented therein constitute
confidential information and may comprise trade secrets of vivo
or its associates, and any use thereof is subject to the terms and
conditions of the Non-Disclosure Agreement pursuant to which this
source code was originally received.

# Description
Do operations based on samba quickly on windows by using custom commands on linux terminal<br>
[Usage](https://github.com/xiezhulin/dosmb/blob/master/dosmb)

# Installation
## On Windows
    Run 'smb_monitor.py' by cmd(details with '--help') after windows boot, or put 'smb_monitor.py' into
    'C:\Users\Administrator\AppData\Roaming\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs', ensure the server
    can started when windows bootcompleted, but maybe different path in your computer.
## On Linux
### 1. Put 'dosmb' into your PATH directory, ensure dosmb can run in any directory
### 2. Set envrironment, it's optional, such as append the following content to ~/.bashrc
#### 1) Set alias(Let's say your Windows IP is 192.168.1.1)
     $ alias so="dosmb --host 192.168.1.1 open"
     $ alias sod="dosmb --host 192.168.1.1 open_parent_dir"
     $ alias scu="dosmb --host 192.168.1.1 custom"
     $ alias sc="dosmb --host 192.168.1.1 cmp"
     $ alias scl="dosmb --host 192.168.1.1 clip"
#### 2) Change defaults
     Text editor defaults to notepad, ensure "gvim" can run by windows cmd
     $ export SMB_TXT_EDITOR="gvim"
     $ export SMB_TXT_EDITOR_SUPPORT_MULTI_FILES=True
     Config windows compare tools, and add the tools to windows' environment, defaults to fc, ensure "Bcompare" can
     run by windows cmd
     $ export SMB_COMPARER="Bcompare"

Commit message:

1. refactor code 2. support cygwin enviornment 3. move 'dosmb' to 'cmd2win' 4. move 'smb_monitor.py' to 'cmd2win_server.py'
Change-Id: If069a1e4e858c746dadfd6feefb8e0bf2601b2cf

README.md, after:

# Copyright
Copyright(c) Guangdong vivo software technology CO.,LTD. Unpublished

Guangdong vivo software technology CO.,LTD.Proprietary & Confidential

This source code and the algorithms implemented therein constitute
confidential information and may comprise trade secrets of vivo
or its associates, and any use thereof is subject to the terms and
conditions of the Non-Disclosure Agreement pursuant to which this
source code was originally received.

# Description
Run some commands the tools supported on Linux/Cygwin, and it can be reponse on Windows
[Usage](https://github.com/xiezhulin/cmd2win/blob/master/cmd2win)

# Installation
## On Windows
    Run 'cmd2win_server.py', you can choose any one of the following method
    1. double click
    2. by cmd(details with '--help')
    3. put 'cmd2win_server.py' into 'C:\Users\Administrator\AppData\Roaming\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs',
       ensure the server can started when windows bootcompleted, but maybe different path in your computer.
## On Linux
### 1. Put 'cmd2win' into your PATH directory, ensure cmd2win can run in any directory
### 2. Set envrironment, it's optional, such as append the following content to ~/.bashrc
#### 1) Set alias(Let's say your Windows IP is 192.168.1.1)
     $ alias so="cmd2win --host 192.168.1.1 open"
     $ alias sod="cmd2win --host 192.168.1.1 open_parent_dir"
     $ alias scu="cmd2win --host 192.168.1.1 custom"
     $ alias sc="cmd2win --host 192.168.1.1 cmp"
     $ alias scl="cmd2win --host 192.168.1.1 clip"
#### 2) Change defaults
     Text editor defaults to notepad, ensure "gvim" can run by windows cmd
     $ export SMB_TXT_EDITOR="gvim"
     $ export SMB_TXT_EDITOR_SUPPORT_MULTI_FILES=True
     Config windows compare tools, and add the tools to windows' environment, defaults to fc, ensure "Bcompare" can
     run by windows cmd
     $ export SMB_COMPARER="Bcompare"
